the doctors had given me up for dead as
a matter of fact they said I would
probably be dead within three years I
was suicidal many times I had taken guns
and I'd placed them near my head or
close to my mouth
other times I take the keys of a vehicle
didn't matter whose vehicle it was whose
car it was I'd jump in it driving into
telephone poles driving into walls one
time I drove somebody's vehicle into the
lake Lake Erie as a matter of fact
wanting to die was constantly at the
front of my mind because I had been
tormented as a child tormented in
witchcraft and tormented in drug
addiction it was terrible
one day after realizing that wouldn't be
too long before I died from the dis-ease
disease always say dis-ease because when
you have a disease in your body it is a
dis-ease but I had been diagnosed with a
disease that was terminal a young woman
named Linda Smith sitting in the church
in Buffalo New York found me in a bar I
didn't know my name that day I had done
so much cocaine and so much alcohol and
so many pills I had eaten so many pills
that I was standing at the back of a bar
a crowded bar with music blaring
absolutely unaware of my name how I got
there or how I would get home Linda
Smith who was a Christian woman and
worked in this hotel came up to me and
spoke to me she saw in my eyes
demon-possession she saw in my arms the
marks of needles she saw in my heart
hate and vengeance and depression and
rather than look down at me because of
what I appeared to be I've said it so
many times I want to say it again she
saw past my faults to my needs and it
was absolutely convinced if she could
get me in the house of God in a
particular place where the gospel was
being preached the good news because I
had heard so much bad news that my life
could be transformed she invited me to
church that was a big step I was a
streetwalking drug-addicted
demon-possessed dying woman
yet this Christian woman saw that either
there was an opportunity for her to
bring me to the house of God or leave me
to die on the streets after many
attempts to get me to go to church I
decided I'd go why not because I wanted
to go to church but because I saw in
this Linda's eyes something that I'd
looked for my whole life love so I went
over to church met her there and she
took me in I sat down on the Pew and I
listened to music being played they were
singing about the blood of Jesus they
were singing about the Spirit of God
they were singing songs uplifting and
there i sat dying possessed with a very
very horrible attitude of hate folks
when I tell you I hated I hated with a
vengeance
I didn't know the meaning of love that
day sitting on that pew listening and
watching and listening I met a man named
Jesus Christ who changed my life forever
this is my point because a woman didn't
just occupy a church a membership
warm-up you because someone who went to
church on Sunday and saw it as a
fuelling station that sent them out to
tell others the good news because a
woman named Linda Smith did more than go
to church on Sunday and go have lunch on
Sunday afternoon because someone cared
enough today I am preaching the gospel
internationally when was the last time
you invited somebody to church when was
the last time you saw someone dying and
going to hell in a handbasket and rather
than just look down at their pitiful
state you made an invitation and said
would you like to go to church 20-some
years later
Linda Smith that precious woman sits now
and looks up and watches me preach in
churches all over this nation she
remembers the day I was standing in the
bar drug-addicted demon-possessed and
dying I am encouraging you today go tell
someone invite them to church ask them
to come don't make any demands on them
they don't have to lose their tattoos or
get rid of their pierced earrings all
they need to do is come with an open
heart
Jesus will fill it who knows one day you
might invite a Carol Kornacki and save
her life